Workrave NEWS -- history of user-visible changes.  25 March 2003
Copyright (C) 2001-2003 Rob Caelers & Raymond Penners
See the end for copying conditions.

Please report Workrave bug reports. Visit our bug tracker located at:
http://www.workrave.org

* Workrave 1.2.3

** Added Polish translation. Many thanks to Mikolaj Machowski.

** Multihead support for X11. Workrave now shows break windows on
all monitors.

** Workrave can now cope with changes in system time and OS features
like suspend-to-ram.

** Previously, the end time that showed up in the stats dialog equaled
the time at which the clock reset (typically equal to the start of the
next working day).  This lead to weird from/to times, as in: "From
8:46 to 9:10". Fixed.

** Added an icon to the skip/postpone buttons on break windows.

** Many laptop pointer devices "drift" over time. This used to cause
Workrave to detect activity when there was in fact none.  Fixed,
thanks to Chung-chieh Shan.

** On Windows, Workrave now notices when Explorer crashes and will try
to reinsert the tray icon in the new Explorer taskbar that is created
when Explorer restarts.

** Rewrote the user input blocking mechanism on Windows. You should no
longer experience visual quirks (like flashing windows or unexpectedly
focusing random windows) during breaks.

** On Linux, Workrave now notices when the gnome-panel crashes and
will reinsert the applet in the new panel.

** The content of the status window can now be configured.

** Breaks can now be disabled.

* Workrave 1.2.2

** If you stopped working during a prelude just before it was about to
disappear, the prelude would still go away because Workrave assumed
you wanted to continue working. This behaviour has been changed now:
if there is no activity when the count-down has reached zero, Workrave
waits a couple of seconds to see if you are really idle. If that is
the case, a break window appears. If not, you can continue working.

** Redesigned the preferences panel. It used to have nested tabs,
these have been replaced with an icon shortcut bar.

** The break windows have been given a title.

** The Window version now included GTK-Wimp. This makes the visual
appearance of Workrave blend much better into the Windows desktop
environment (http://gtk-wimp.sourceforge.net).

** Beter support for Gnome session management. Workrave is now
properly restarted by the gnome session manager.

** The applet can now be configured to show only the Workrave sheep.
Clicking on the sheep will toggle the visibility of the main window.

* Workrave 1.2.1

** Some errors in the build process have been fixed. Only a new source
tarball is released, as this does not effect binary releases.

* Workrave 1.2.0

** Johannes Rohr provided a german translation, thanks!

** Added applet support. Workrave now supports both a native Gnome
applet, as well as a system tray applet that *should* also work on
KDE.

** Added statistics. Workrave shows break statistics and daily usage.
More statistics will be added later.

** A leaflet promoting Workrave is now available.  Please spread it as
far as possible.  For example, distribute several copies at the
office.  (http://workrave.sourceforge.net/leaflet/)

** Last but absolutely not least: increased sheep size in the about
window. :)

* Workrave 1.0.0

** Removed the monitoring preferences. Good defaults is all you want
here, and it was far too difficult to try and explain these settings
to ordinary users.

** Added the daily limit break window.

** Added internationalisation support. Currently, only a Dutch translation is
provided. We are still looking for volunteers to translate Workrave
into other languages.

** The "Collective" has been renamed to "Network", which is far more
meaningful to non-geek users.

** A network log window has been added. This window shows informational
messages about the communication between different Workrave instances. 

* Workrave 0.3.0

** Added experimental(!) distribution support, dubbed "The
Collective". What this means is that you can now create a network of
Workrave instances running on several computers. All instances that
are part of "the collective" share the same timer information, meaning
that if one computer informs you to take a break, it is futile to flee
to another computer as it will also tell you to take a break.

** Added sound support. You can configure the samples that are played
through the standard sound control panel provided by Gnome and
Windows. For office PCs that do not have a sound card, you can choose
to play sounds through the internal PC speaker.

** The window prompting you to brake now moves earlier to the top of
the screen so that it does not interfere too much. Furthermore, the
window has a new and improved "evasive manouvers" algorithm.

* Workrave 0.2.0

** Activity during a persisted break is no longer ignored. Instead,
the timer is stopped whenefer the user is active.

** Microsoft Windows specific changes

*** Added taskbar tray support. When the main window is closed, the
program remains active in the tray. In the user interface preferences,
you can select to hide the program when started.

*** The main window is now opened at the position where it was during
the last program exit.

* Workrave 0.1.0

** First public release. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright information:

Copyright (C) 2001-2002 Rob Caelers & Raymond Penners

   Permission is granted to anyone to make or distribute verbatim copies
   of this document as received, in any medium, provided that the
   copyright notice and this permission notice are preserved,
   thus giving the recipient permission to redistribute in turn.

   Permission is granted to distribute modified versions
   of this document, or of portions of it,
   under the above conditions, provided also that they
   carry prominent notices stating who last changed them.

Local variables:
mode: outline
paragraph-separate: "[ 	]*$"
end:
